Ahhh, there you are!
Father Emperor
No.
White is clearly owed harm by Ye Li
But it's also true that he's a demon
How many people have been killed by demons over the years?
Your Highness, you know that too, right?
Whiteness is good medicine
He is not a medicine bitter, he is also a family
Whiteness is not because he is a good medicine
Not afraid
he
More unacceptable
Beside their emperor is a demon
What if he's really serious?
Qinzhou can no longer afford any crisis
The little beast that Ye Li took away
No need to find someone
Sir, His Royal Highness the Crown Prince leaves this palace to see who dares
PhD
White chess, you have to play it today
You have to let it go
PhD
Bai Qi is now my most important person
Let him go
I beg you
Whatever you do, this palace depends on you
otherwise
Don't blame me for fighting with you
You know.
I have this ability
you
Good idea.
A demon is a demon
Wrap you up like this
imperial teacher
Whiteness will not harm Qinzhou State
I can pledge my life
I am his husband
You are the Chu Army of New China
Your father just died
Look at you
What are you doing?
For a demon
Are you mad at me?
Humans and demons have been enemies since ancient times
A new round of demons and ghosts are gathering with Chengguan
You spread it like this
Qinzhou State is coming to an end